README.md, before:

# Fartilizer

**Fartilizer** is a Forge (1.19.2) mod that allows the player to release "fartilizing" gas when they sneak around! It 
primarily came about as I could not ind a mod that achieved quite what I wanted in terms of not having to spam/mash the 
sneak button to grow crops, trees, and sugarcane. Thus, I created this mod and decided it would be fun to add a few 
particle and sound effects to the idea to go with the "fartilizing" theme! 

> Please read the notes below in **Modpacks & Distribution** regarding usage in modpacks and forking.

---

## Features

- **Fartilizing!**
  - Allows crop, sapling, and sugarcane growth from sneaking nearby which releases your "fartilizing" gas!
  - Particle and sound effects to accompany your flatulence!
  - All features can be configured from fartilizing chance per tick to the sound and particle effects being on or off!

---

## Modpacks & Distribution

You **may include this mod in a modpack**, provided you **credit the creator (kuzhcola)** visibly and 
prominently.**Do not redistribute this mod as your own**, as it is the creator’s **intellectual property**. See the 
license for further clarification & information.

---

## License

This project is licensed under the GPLv3 to protect the creator’s intellectual property rights. To avoid confusion,
please contact [antonhibl](https://github.com/antonhibl) for any questions related to distribution, forks, or usage
in modpacks.

---

## Credits

- Built using the [Forge](https://www.minecraftforge.net/) modding framework.
- Minecraft (c) Mojang AB.

---

> **Note:** The above license section is written to explicitly communicate the author’s intellectual property
> requirements. The mod should not be used in modpacks without properly crediting the author; it also shouldn't be
> forked without crediting the original author, kuzhcola.

Commit message:

added note to README about additional license clause concerning LPS

README.md, after:

# Fartilizer

**Fartilizer** is a Forge (1.19.2) mod that allows the player to release "fartilizing" gas when they sneak around! It 
primarily came about as I could not ind a mod that achieved quite what I wanted in terms of not having to spam/mash the 
sneak button to grow crops, trees, and sugarcane. Thus, I created this mod and decided it would be fun to add a few 
particle and sound effects to the idea to go with the "fartilizing" theme! 

> Please read the notes below in **Modpacks & Distribution** regarding usage in modpacks and forking.

---

## Features

- **Fartilizing!**
  - Allows crop, sapling, and sugarcane growth from sneaking nearby which releases your "fartilizing" gas!
  - Particle and sound effects to accompany your flatulence!
  - All features can be configured from fartilizing chance per tick to the sound and particle effects being on or off!

---

## Modpacks & Distribution

You **may include this mod in a modpack**, provided you **credit the creator (kuzhcola)** visibly and 
prominently.**Do not redistribute this mod as your own**, as it is the creator’s **intellectual property**. See the 
license for further clarification & information.

---

## License

This project is licensed under the GPLv3 to protect the creator’s intellectual property rights. To avoid confusion,
please contact [antonhibl](https://github.com/antonhibl) for any questions related to distribution, forks, or usage
in modpacks.

One important clause that is explicitly stated in the license is that Luna Pixel Studios may not use this mod in any
of their modpacks or works under any circumstances.

---

## Credits

- Built using the [Forge](https://www.minecraftforge.net/) modding framework.
- Minecraft (c) Mojang AB.

---

> **Note:** The above license section is written to explicitly communicate the author’s intellectual property
> requirements. The mod should not be used in modpacks without properly crediting the author; it also shouldn't be
> forked without crediting the original author, kuzhcola.
